# IntegersInEnglishLanguage_To_RomanNumbers
Python Code To Convert Any Positive Integer in English Language To Roman Numbers

Write a program to convert positive integer, represented in ENGLISH LANGUAGE format ( eg. 1234 is integer represented in ENGLISH LANGUAGE is ONE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED THIRTY FOUR), into Roman numbers.
Assume that the numbers to be converted is less than 4000. 
The rule for constructing a Roman number is assumed to be as follows-
In Roman number system, i is the symbol for 1, v for 5, x for 10, l for 50, c for 100, d for 500 and m for 1000. 
Symbols with larger values usually appear before symbols with smaller values. The value of a Roman number is, in general, the sum of the values of the symbols. For example, ii is 2, viii is 8. 
However, if a symbol with smaller value appears before a symbol with larger value, the value of these two symbols is the difference of the two values. For example, iv is 4, ix is 9, and lix is 59. 
Note that no four consecutive symbols in the Roman number can be the same. For example, iv, but not iiii, is the Roman number 4. 
Never use vv for 10, ll for 100, dd for 1000, or vvv for 15, etc.

The Roman numbers constructed in this way may not be unique. For example, both mcmxc and mxm are valid for 1990; the roman number generated by your program need not be the shortest one.

Input (in2roman.in)
File in2roman.in first line will have an Integer value [x], where 0 < x < 100
From Next line till the EOF will contain an integer number [y], where 0 < y < 4000, one number in ENGLISH LANGUAGE FORMAT (i.e one test case input) per line.

Output (in2roman.out)
File should be in2roman.out; it will have first case as number of test cases [x]
And then one output per line, represented as
 Case#<output number> = <Output>

